# eggnog_mapper

Author: Murat Buyukyoruk

        eggnog_mapper help:

This script is developed to generate a dataframe from eggnog-mapper neighbourhood analysis (eggnog_mapper.py) that can be used to create alignment panel with phylogenetic trees (i.e., to use with Pylo2genemap script). tqdm is required to provide a progress bar.

Syntax:

    python eggnog_mapper.py -i demo.fasta -d demo_eggnog_annotations.txt -g COG -o out.txt -f 5

OR

    python eggnog_mapper.py -i demo.fasta -d demo_eggnog_annotations.txt -g PFAM -o out.txt -f 0

eggnog_mapper dependencies:

Bio module and SeqIO available in this package          refer to https://biopython.org/wiki/Download

tqdm                                                    refer to https://pypi.org/project/tqdm/

pandas                                                  refer t0 https://pypi.org/project/pandas/

Input Paramaters (REQUIRED):
----------------------------
	-i/--input		FASTA				Specify a fasta file used for e_mapper.py. FASTA file requires headers starting with accession number.

	-o/--output		Output file			Specify a output file name that should contain genemap info generated by eggnog_mapper annotations file.

	-d/--data		HMMER domtblout			Specify a eggnog_mapper annotations file.

Parameters [optional]:
----------------------

	-g/--gene	    COG, COG_Category or PFAM		Specify type of gene is reported (i.e., COG, COG_Category, PFAM) (default: COG)

	-f/--filter 	    Number   		                Specify a number for reporting clusters. For example use number 5 to show COG annotation with more than 5 occurences. use 1 to show all COG annotations. (default: 5)

Basic Options:
--------------
	-h/--help		    HELP                        Shows this help text and exits the run.
